Assignments:

Each task will have its relevance and dependency on its previous task. The assignment will be a single job in which all the required changes will be done.

1. Create a job in jenkins with github integration  which will list the files of a particular repo and a specific branch.
2. Now make this build run periodically   and should be a parameterised build and it should discard the old builds with total builds   to be kept
   is of 15 days or max of 15 builds which ever you like , and it should run in a workspace.
3. Create a build step where the shell will run and execute the commands . Commands Will be provided during the training sessions.
4. Once we have the build steps we will now publish its report on email using editable email format and also execute a script (which will be 
   provided during the training sessions  )
5. The pipeline execution should be monitored and its execution details should be published on the slack as notification.

ewfhef

Make sure all your Builds are restricted on the specific slave and your workspaces should be deleted before the next build starts.
make sure 



when using the learning AWS account, kindly TAG any resource (like s3 bucket, CodeBuild etc) with your first name followed by _QATechTraining as all usage is billable.
Important: After your assignments are completed, please delete any services/stacks that you created in the "learning" AWS account.
make sure all your Builds are restricted o the specifc slave and your workspaces shold be deleted befoew the next build starts


 Learning aws account s3 bucket name  in which you can push your file   " jenkins-training-sep-23-sample-bucket  "
 Please name the file as " yourname.txt " for example.
 In the jenkins you will run the see the aws creds under the Build environment > Use secret texts and files >> " learning account aws access"

Please use these credentials . If you have any issue please do let me know.



this is a sample jenkins job that has all the required details for completing the assignment .
Please use it for reference. and use the same creds that are used in this sample job.
https://jenkins.sourcef.us/view/Jenkins-training/job/jenkins-training-samplejob/


this iis smaple jenkis job that has all the required detuas




